Task: Book-Author Management System (Many-to-One Mapping)
✅ Objective:
Build a Spring Boot Console Application using Spring Data JPA where:

Many Books are written by one Author (Many-to-One).

One Author can write multiple Books.

Data will be persisted using MySQL or Oracle database.

📘 Use Case:
An admin wants to register authors and their books. The system should:

Allow the creation of an Author.

Allow the addition of multiple Books written by that author.

Save data in the database while maintaining the relationship.

Retrieve and display all books with their corresponding authors.

📦 Entities and Relationship:
1️⃣ Entity: Author (Parent)
Fields:

id: Primary Key (Auto-generated)

name: Full name of the author

country: Country of origin

2️⃣ Entity: Book (Child)
Fields:

id: Primary Key (Auto-generated)

title: Book title

genre: e.g., Fiction, History, Sci-Fi

author: Reference to the author

Relationship:

Annotated with @ManyToOne

Mapped using @JoinColumn(name = "author_id") in the Book entity

📋 Functional Requirements
A. Data Insertion:
Ask the user:

Author name and country

Number of books to add

For each book: title and genre

Set up the ManyToOne relationship and persist using Spring Data JPA.

Saving the Book will reference the associated Author.

B. Data Retrieval:
Fetch all books from the database

For each book, display:

Title and genre

Author name and country

C. Deletion (Optional):
Delete a book by ID

Author remains unaffected

🧪 Test Scenarios:
Test Case	                      Expected Behavior
Add 1 Author, 3 Books	              Books saved and correctly reference the author
Add 2 Authors, 2 Books each	      Books linked to correct authors
Fetch All Books	Should return books with their author details
Delete Book	                      Only that book is deleted, author remains

🧰 Tech Stack:
Spring Boot 3.1.5

Spring Data JPA

Console-based I/O using CommandLineRunner

Maven

MySQL or Oracle

🗃 Database Configuration
MySQL:properties

spring.datasource.url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/bookdb
spring.datasource.username=root
spring.datasource.password=your_password
spring.datasource.driver-class-name=com.mysql.cj.jdbc.Driver
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=update
spring.jpa.show-sql=true
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect=org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL8Dialect

Oracle:properties

spring.datasource.url=jdbc:oracle:thin:@localhost:1521:xe
spring.datasource.username=your_username
spring.datasource.password=your_password
spring.datasource.driver-class-name=oracle.jdbc.OracleDriver
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=update
spring.jpa.show-sql=true
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect=org.hibernate.dialect.Oracle12cDialect

📤 Deliverables:
✅ Entity Design: Book and Author with Many-to-One mapping

✅ Repositories: For both entities using Spring Data JPA

✅ Runner Class: For interactive user input and saving/fetching data

✅ Database Config: For MySQL or Oracle

✅ Sample Output: Console print showing books and their authors